***1. Why are you interested in programming? What have you done to expose yourself to programming so far?***  
As a creative digital designer I thrive on the challenge of solving problems to form solutions. From conception through to implementation to curate the positive experience for the user. I have experienced a lot of parallels when working with dev, with the programming process which appeals to my sense achievement through the development of craft.

For a long time I have worked with developers and especially through updating my company's homepage at [Abcam]. Although I have a good understanding of the restrictions in dev, I have strong a desire to become full stack to develop a concept through to delivery. 

The interactions of the user and programs is an area I find neglected and the experience not optimal. I believe I can help find better and simpler solutions with perseverance to consider accessible environments for all. 

[Abcam]: http://www.abcam.com/ (Homepage slider updates)

I have attended the GDI - Girl Develop It Seattle for programming courses in Beginners HTML and CSS to refresh and laid a good foundation despite having already self teach this myself. I am also enrolled into the Intermediate class. 

<br />

***2. What are your professional goals for the next 2 years, the next 5 years?***  
*The next 2 years:*   
 
-	Work in a tech position utilizing my programming skills and continually learn day-to-day around my environment.  
-	Serve on a non-profit board, encourage technology fundings for developing skills withins local community ( such as through a charity I work with called [Puget Sound Off].org)
-	Contribute new skills to young audience and encourage girls to program.  
-	Collaborate with fellow developers on side projects in spare time.

[Puget Sound Off]: http://www.pugetsoundoff.org/ (Puget Sound Off charity website)

*In 5 years time:*   

-	Work either independently as a consultant or full time in an engineer role. 
- 	I would ideally like to work within the non-profit sector or contribute programming time towards local charities.
-	Create a blog forum that tracks my development and projects with the aim of helping others though a digital platform.
  
<br />

***3. Tell us about a time you made a mistake that you learned a lot from. If you encountered the situation again, what would you do differently?***

The most impactful learning I have in the past year derives from my fear I created during a very stressful time of change. There was constant uncertainty and a situation out of my control which I was partly excited about and some what anxious about the future, moving from England to Seattle (6 months ago). The mentality of being scared about not being able to plan or have control over is an aspect I've dealt with. 

However, my biggest learning outcome is to not waste time and energy feeding fear, but to more readily embrace opportunities out of my comfort zone. Having experienced big changes to my life already, I am more confident and less worried about what may or may not happen.

<br />
 
***4. Have you taught yourself anything before? Describe what you learned and how you approached it.***

Open minded by nature and eager to experience and learn, I am an avid YouTube fan. From learning new cooking new recipes to learning skiing techniques! I have only begun this season in January with all credit  going towards YouTube and all its content contributors for my development. 

A combination of learning, practice and experimentation is my approach to trailing out new skills and techniques. Also, a lot of research from reading forums and comment. However, the best way is putting theory into motion.

The digital community space is a great resource and I would one day like to give back to others by sharing through a blog and eventually a video online. 

