#[Sandy Yau]

----------

Seattle, WA
 
##About me

Seattle based creative problem solver who is a lifetime learner through a proactive approach to life.
<br />

##Work history
**Contract Marketing Designer**, Abcam Plc. 

**Visual Marketing Designer**, pro bono for The Puget Sound Off charity network 

**Digital Designer**, ecommerce digital marketing at Abcam Plc. 

-  Facilitate kick off meetings to determine user needs and architect positive user experiences. 
- User centric focus: engage, raise awareness and educate through digital and print channels.
- Gain insight into potential products to develop (A/B testing) and push branded promotions. 
- Market research: gather primary research on how service can be improved for better ROI. 
- Design creative strategies for campaigns and advise Product Managers on the best approach. 
- Use Google Analytics for data driven results and improve future metrics. 
- Ensure brand and messaging consistency across mediums, working within brand guidelines. 
- Assess work processes to optimize workflow, in order to fulfil business needs effectively.  


**Project & Marketing Executive**, Localization Agency 
	
- Managed core marketing: newsletters, publish content and manage corporate media accounts.
- Responsible for sourcing vendors, managing budgets and agreements with stakeholders. 
- Retaining and acquire new business clients through all communication methods. 
- Consistent main point of contact: ensure all leads were followed up.
- Overseeing performance yield of marketing activities carried out by the Marketing Assistant. 
- Delegating tasks to juniors: distributing administration workload.

**Creative Web & Marketing Designer**, Creative Marketing UK 

- Monitoring the trends of marketing campaigns. Provided online and offline concepts for new     product launches, creating leaflets, posters, flash banners, radio and TV ads, website design;      concepts for satellite sites. 
- Copywriting: PR, SEO, radio script writing, storyboards for animation, audio and video editing. 

<br />

##Skills

**Design disciplines**
Web, print, branding, art direction, illustration, animation

**Applications**
Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, Fireworks, HTML/CSS, 
Word, PowerPoint, Excel

**Project management**

* Research, implementation, testing and evaluation
* Budgeting and forecasting
* JIRA, Agile and Float

**Leadership**

* Managing freelancers and external creatives
* Mentoring junior team members
* Board member for Abcam Social Committee

<br />

##Education
**Digital Marketing: Branding and Media** Cambridge Marketing College
CAM Chartered Institute of Advertising and Marketing; professional diploma

**Graphic and Communication Design** The University of Leeds
Bachelor of Arts degree with honors

[Sandy Yau]:  http://www.sandyyau.com/ (Check out my website design)
